Growing up in the truth, I felt like I fit in more with my friends at school or people who weren't witnesses.
I was living a double life and I knew it. I was not baptized. I had always tried to make the truth fit in with the world.
And this time I decided I just want to give the world a shot and see what that's like.
I came right to my parents and I said I want to move to LA and pursue modeling.
I had my first job within the week.
It looks so glamorous. There's a lot of parties going to the coolest houses, getting to hang out with celebrities.
There are new rules. You have the money to do whatever you want.
That lifestyle was so far from what I was raised knowing I was right.
That I basically had no relationship with Jehovah.
Once all the smoke and mirrors are gone, you see these things for what they are.
I remember I called my mom and I told her it's like Sodom and Gomorrah.
I'm literally in the middle of it all.
And I thought like this is it. This is what everyone says is the best.
And I'm not happy and I just felt so dull, empty.
I actually thought to myself, I wish I was never raised a witness.
I wish I never even knew Jehovah existed.
There were certain nights where I needed him.
I was thinking just pray, just go to him.
And I couldn't. I thought I would never be able to come back to Jehovah.
One of the jobs I got hired to do was work for this young fashion company.
In between different outfits and shoots, you would just, you know, you talk with a photographer.
What are you guys going to be for Halloween?
Bad doesn't celebrate Halloween.
It's not a Jehovah's Witnesses.
So am I.
It's not a joke.
No, I'm not. I mean, I was raised as witness.
Yeah, I was raised as well.
Do you go to meetings?
No, I haven't been in forever.
What about you?
No, I haven't.
I got a last minute job to New York.
I decided to walk the Brooklyn Bridge.
I knew Bethel was there and I'd never been to Bethel.
The sister stopped me on my tour and she invited me up to her office.
There were different paintings of the resurrection.
She asked me, you know what?
The people are waiting on the balcony and I was like, I don't know why.
And she said, because they're waiting for their loved ones to be resurrected.
It was as if something just went straight to my heart.
I've never felt something like that.
I had for the first time actually seen the resurrection and believed it.
It wasn't just the saying that might happen.
It was for sure.
I knew exactly what it was going to look like.
I would be standing there pulling that balcony, looking for my loved ones to come back.
I had to be there.
The resurrection.
It's so real to me.
The second I got out of Bethel, I...
I called my mom and I told her in slaves of law.
Mom was coming back.
I know exactly what he needed to do.
I've come back to Jehovah.
I had made up my mind, you know, I'm going to give Jehovah a chance.
But, you know, I'm coming back to truth.
I'm going to do it right.
There was an elder who was doing the watchtower and he just came off so kind that I thought, you know, when the speeding ends, I want to talk with him.
And I'm going to explain to him why I'm here.
I knew I had so many changes to make.
Matthew 633 is so important to me.
Seek first the kingdom.
My entire life, I saw everything I was before Jehovah.
I never put him first.
And I, for the first time, was saying, okay, Jehovah, I'm going to put you first.
The job I have right now isn't necessarily my dream job, but it allows me to do exactly what I want to do for Jehovah.
And that's fine here.
I used to walk down Hollywood Boulevard going from casting to casting with my portfolio in hand.
And now I walk down Hollywood Boulevard with a car from my hand.
Out in the ministry, I see models that I used to work with.
And I love getting to show them this is my new life.
And this has changed my life.
I am so happy.
I know what it's like to superficially feel good.
But to literally have the joy, the happiness, I want to share that with everybody.
Jehovah completely changed my life.